remote: OSF docs (#1958)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/command-reference/remote/modify.md

</details>

<details>

### Click for OSF

- `url` - remote location:

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote url \

>         osf://odf.io/path/to/dir

Reviewer: Looks like most/all of the code blocks are not closed like this:
````suggestion
        osf://odf.io/path/to/dir
    ```
````

Reviewer: p.s. probably this code fits in a single line BTW, no need for `\` and line 769 above.

Reviewer: I fixed all this.

- `project` - [OSF](https://osf.io/) project name. You can see it in the `url` line

>   of your project page.

Reviewer: > You can see it in the `url` line of your project page.

What does that mean @aerubanov? What is the project page? What is the url line (how is it different to the `url` remote option)? Thanks

Reviewer: Also, is this optional or when would you need to provide a project name, if for `remote add` only a `url` is required?

Author: A project page is like a repository page on github, only in osf. The project page is similar to the repository page on github, only in osf. You can open it in your browser. And the address bar will be for example https://osf.io/abcd/. `abcd` is what you need to specify as a project parameter.

Author: No, the role user must specify all the `user`, `project` and `password` parmeters for proper work. Do I need to specify it somehow?

Reviewer: Thanks for clarifying in docs and for the answers 🙂

  ```dvc

>   $ dvc remote modify myremote project <project_name>

Reviewer: Open code block

> - `osf_username` - username (e-mail) that you specify during registration.
>   ```dvc
>   $ dvc remote modify myremote osf_username \
>         example@mail.com
>   ```

Reviewer: I fixed a bunch of but some are pending like this:
```suggestion
- `osf_username` - OSF username (email address):

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote osf_username \
        example@mail.com
  ```

```

Reviewer: \*fixed a bunch missing spaces/new lines

Reviewer: BTW is the username always the email address in OSF @aerubanov?

Reviewer: Fixed this.

- 'password' - password for you osf account.
  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify osfremote --local password 12345
  ```

>   > The username and password (may) contain sensitive user info.

Reviewer: - Maybe just "OSF account password"
- Missing some new lines.

Reviewer: Fixed.

>   > The username and password (may) contain sensitive user info.
>   > Therefore, it's safer to add them with the `--local` option, so they're
>   > written to a Git-ignored config file.

Reviewer: New line + indentation:
```suggestion

> The username and password (may) contain sensitive user info.
> Therefore, it's safer to add them with the `--local` option, so they're
> written to a Git-ignored config file.
```

</details>

<details>

### Click for OSF

- `url` - remote location:

  ```dvc

>   $ dvc remote modify myremote url \
>         osf://osf.io/path/to/dir

Reviewer: ````suggestion
  $ dvc remote modify myremote url osf://osf.io/path/to/dir
```
````

>   ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ```

```

- `project` - project name:

>   ```dvc

Reviewer: ```suggestion

  ```dvc
```

> - `project` - project name:
> 
>   ```dvc
>   $ dvc remote modify myremote project \
>         project_id
>   ```
>   Project_id is a combination of characters. You can see it in url line of you project page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- `project` - [OSF](https://osf.io/) project name. You can see it in the `url` line
  of your project page.

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote project <project_name>
  ```

```

> - `user` - username (e-mail) that you specify during registration.
>   ```dvc
>   $ dvc remote modify myremote user \
>         example@mail.com
>   ```
> - `password` - password for you osf account.
>   ```dvc
>   $ dvc remote modify osfremote --local password 12345
>   ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
- `user` - OSF account username (email address):

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote user \
        example@mail.com
  ```

- `password` - OSF account password:

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify osfremote --local password 12345
  ```
````

> The username and password (may) contain sensitive user info.
> Therefore, it's safer to add them with the `--local` option, so they're
> written to a Git-ignored config file.
  
  Also it is possible to specify password by setting
  envirement variable `OSF_PASSWORD`. Run

>   ```$ export OSF_PASSWORD=12345```

Reviewer: This should be part of the password bullet, maybe after the code block (on that same indentation level).

Reviewer: Can the other parameters (project and username) also be set this way maybe?

Reviewer: Fixed.

Author: Yes, I think it is a good idea to let `user` and `project` be set through the environment variables.

</details>

<details>

### Click for OSF

- `url` - remote location:

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote url osf://osf.io/path/to/dir
```

- `project` - [OSF](https://osf.io/) project name. You can see it in the `url` line
  of your project page.

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify myremote project <project_name>
  

> - `user` - OSF account username (email address):

Reviewer: Is the username always the email address in OSF @aerubanov?

Author: By default, yes. But the user can change it.

  ```dvc

>   $ dvc remote modify myremote user \
>         example@mail.com

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  $ dvc remote modify myremote user example@mail.com
```

</details>

<details>

### Click for OSF

- `url` - remote location:

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify osfremote url osf://osf.io/path/to/dir
  ```

- `project` - [OSF](https://osf.io/) project name. Tip: this is displayed in the
   address bar when browsing the project on the web, like :

>    `https://osf.io/<project_name>/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   `https://osf.io/my-project/`.
```

> - `project` - [OSF](https://osf.io/) project name. If you open a page
>    with your project in your browser, you can see it in the
>    address bar : `https://osf.io/<your_project>/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `project` - [OSF](https://osf.io/) project name. Tip: this is displayed in the
   address bar when browsing the project on the web, like :
   `https://osf.io/<project_name>/`.
```

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify osfremote --local project <project_name>
  ```

>   Also it is possible to specify `project` by setting
>   envirement variable `OSF_PROJECT`. Run
>   ```$ export OSF_PROJECT=<your_project>```
>   
> - `user` - OSF account username (email address by default):
> 
>   ```dvc
>   $ dvc remote modify osfremote --local user example@mail.com
>   ```
>   Also it is possible to specify `user` by setting
>   envirement variable `OSF_USER`. Run
>   ```$ export OSF_PROJECT=example@mail.com```

Reviewer: More spacing and open code block, and a typo fix:
````suggestion

  Also it is possible to specify `project` by setting
  environment variable `OSF_PROJECT`. Run
  `export OSF_PROJECT=<your_project>`

- `user` - OSF account username (email address by default):

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify osfremote --local user example@mail.com
  ```

  Also it is possible to specify `user` by setting
  environment variable `OSF_USER`. Run
  `export OSF_PROJECT=example@mail.com`
````

</details>

<details>

### Click for OSF

- `url` - remote location:

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify osfremote url osf://osf.io/path/to/dir
  ```

- `project` - [OSF](https://osf.io/) project name. Tip: this is displayed in the
   address bar when browsing the project on the web, like :
   `https://osf.io/my-project/`.

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify osfremote --local project <project_name>
  ```

  Also it is possible to specify `project` by setting
  environment variable `OSF_PROJECT`. Run

>   `export OSF_PROJECT=<your_project>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `export OSF_PROJECT='my-project'`
```

- `user` - OSF account username (email address by default):

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify osfremote --local user example@mail.com
  ```

  Also it is possible to specify `user` by setting
  environment variable `OSF_USER`. Run

>   `export OSF_PROJECT=example@mail.com`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `export OSF_PROJECT='example@mail.com'`
```

  
- `password` - OSF account password:

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify osfremote --local password 12345
  ```

>   Also it is possible to specify password by setting
>   envirement variable `OSF_PASSWORD`. Run
>   ```$ export OSF_PASSWORD=12345```

Reviewer: ```suggestion

  Also it is possible to specify password by setting
  envirement variable `OSF_PASSWORD`. Run
  `export OSF_PASSWORD='12345'`
```

</details>

<details>

### Click for OSF

- `url` - remote location:

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify osfremote url osf://osf.io/path/to/dir
  ```

- `project` - [OSF](https://osf.io/) project name. Tip: this is displayed in the
   address bar when browsing the project on the web, like :

>    `https://osf.io/my-project/`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   `https://osf.io/myproject/`.
```

  ```dvc

>   $ dvc remote modify osfremote --local project <project_name>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  $ dvc remote modify osfremote --local project myproject
```

  ```

  Also it is possible to specify `project` by setting
  environment variable `OSF_PROJECT`. Run

>   `export OSF_PROJECT='my-project'`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `export OSF_PROJECT='myproject'`
```

- `user` - OSF account username (email address by default):

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify osfremote --local user example@mail.com
  ```

  Also it is possible to specify `user` by setting
  environment variable `OSF_USER`. Run
  `export OSF_PROJECT='example@mail.com'`
  
- `password` - OSF account password:

  ```dvc
  $ dvc remote modify osfremote --local password 12345
  ```

  Also it is possible to specify password by setting
  envirement variable `OSF_PASSWORD`. Run
  `export OSF_PASSWORD='12345'`

> > The username and password (may) contain sensitive user info.
> > Therefore, it's safer to add them with the `--local` option, so they're
> > written to a Git-ignored config file.
>   
>   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The project name, username, and password (may) contain sensitive user info.
> Therefore, it's safer to add them with the `--local` option, so they're
> written to a Git-ignored config file.
```
